Update troubleshooting guidance (#576)
mongodb/docs-java: source/connection-troubleshooting.txt

   INFO: Exception in monitor thread while connecting to server ssc-cluster-01-shard-00-02.9cbnp.mongodb.net:27017

> This log line indicates that the monitoring thread that continuously

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This log line indicates that the monitor that continuously
```

> checks the status of each node in the replica set failed to contact one of the nodes.

Reviewer: It's either each replica set member _or_ each mongos server, depending on deployment type.
